Document adding scene-unique nodes by prefixing with '%' (#10514)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/scripting/scene_unique_nodes.rst

Creation and usage
------------------

> There are two ways to do this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways to create a scene unique node.
```

.. image:: img/percent.webp

> You can also do this while renaming the node and adding % to the beginning. Once you
> confirm, the percent symbol will appear next to its name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also do this while renaming the node by adding "%" to the beginning of the name.
Once you confirm, the percent symbol will appear next to its name.
```
